Numerous sources, including the Department of Mathematics at Duke University* and Brown University*, define number theory as the study of positive whole numbers and associated objects. Within this area of pure mathematics*, number theorists study a variety of subjects, some of which are beyond our comprehension of real and complex numbers. Graph theory, abstract algebra, and other areas of mathematics that very few people will be familiar with unless they have done their homework or come across 3Blue1Brown or Veritasium videos on YouTube, are all areas that number theorists should investigate in order to gain a deeper understanding of number theory.
Fluency:
Number theory, as defined by Duke University* and Brown University's* Department of Mathematics, is the study of positive whole numbers and associated objects. Number theorists study a variety of topics within this discipline of pure mathematics*, some of which extend beyond our current understanding of complex and real numbers. To gain a deeper understanding of number theory, number theorists often need also study other fields such as graph theory, abstract algebra, and other topics of mathematics that few people are familiar with, unless they have taken higher level math classes, done further research or watched 3Blue1Brown or Veritasium videos on YouTube (just to name a few).
While there is a lot to learn about Number Theory, a very fascinating subject that many number theorists are working on is the distribution of [prime numbers]. When you think about it, prime numbers are quite random. Counting from 0 to 100, you will see that prime numbers appear more often – 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, and so on. However, as you progress, you will see that prime numbers become increasingly rare. Number theorists, including myself, are fascinated by such. When discussing prime distribution, mathematicians raise an interesting question, "Can we determine the exact number of primes less than or equal to a given positive integer x"?
Consider the following scenario: you want to know how many prime numbers exist between 0 and 100. The first two integers (0 and 1) have no primes, but once you get to the number 2, you have the first and only even prime. At 3, you have two. At 4, you still have two primes, but by number 5, you have three. If you continue in this manner, you will discover another very intriguing fact: there is no defined spacing between primes. The distance between 2 and 3 is one, whereas the distance between 3 and 5 is two (same for 5 and 7). However, the distance between 7 and 11 is actually 4, and the distance between 23 and 29 is 6, whereas the distance between 11 and 13 is only 2. Another fascinating feature of researching primes is the "gaps" between primes, which number theorists refer to as the "Prime Gap". There are numerous conjectures about prime gaps, many of which have yet to be established (or possibly disproven).
For generations, mathematicians of all ages, races, genders, sexual orientations, and socioeconomic backgrounds have studied prime numbers. Many people came up with great theories, shedding light on some of the patterns discovered. However, we are still striving to comprehend the structure of such mysterious numbers. Carl Friedrich Gauss, a key figure and possibly one of the most recognized personalities (so to speak) of Number Theory and Mathematics, discovered that we can approximate the distribution of primes among the positive integers. Hence, the Prime Number Theorem was born.
In simple terms, the prime number theorem describes the distribution of prime numbers among positive integers by stating that the number of primes smaller than or equal to a given number x, represented by pi(x), is asymptotically equal to x/ln(x). This implies that as x increases, the ratio of π(x) to x/ln(x) approaches one. * (Wikipedia and Wolfram) Isn’t it beautiful? With Gauss' discovery, we can finally estimate the distribution of our strange primes! Of course, we should point out that this is only an approximation, not an exact amount.
But there's more to number theory, especially the mysterious prime numbers. As a mathematician and computer scientist, I find number theory quite interesting. This topic is extremely significant in many other fields, including cryptography, quantum computing, and many others that I have yet to discover. My goal is to contribute to this field. As I begin my adventure through the intricate world of numbers, I am eager about discovering new and maybe extremely exciting concepts that I believe will cause times of uncertainty while others will pique my interest. 
I aspire to inspire and contribute to the world. Make it easier to understand math.
